- trainees human sacrifice
the first white girlie is ever seen she
looks like a Chinese or any Jews teri
kardi baffled party cage flippin door 3
here the den the confusion of pursue has
experimented effects of mystery
I say player king called the during
adventures encounter a new Menace a
prehistoric dinosaur listen to it
strikes like thunder through the jungle
it is almost upon them it opens wide at
idiots on their one hope is there gas
bomb what a bullet have had but little
effect they close the boots a moon falls
all over the fire that it rises about in
the agony of death
that thingy looking pretty girl
what he's always saying something from
the tynacorp
I'm sorry
we're sorry chief
once again tip moves are for the gallon
fans out of the muddy waters of the
swamp right there's a huge lizard like
Pete it upsets their raps
troubling them all into the water they
swim frantically for chore but the month
is scooped up several in its gaping
mouth listen as a wilderness week downs
where their cries for help
the earth trembles at King Kong prices
with another mighty monster in a static
struggle for supremacy break free the
broken light please
even the ground is wave during this
titanic combat these two laws of rage
and pain 6 - heavens
King Kong with 10 pairs and slightly got
this new fold with unbelievable strength
these pilot crutches the life of the one
who dares defy him
the people
Florian ear-splitting Sun King Park
mixes rats and against civilization
attack the Empire State Building lot of
defiance adhesives for all ran crying
honey wouldn't sit on the earth plane
swarming about in my corner dreams of
the Kings I'm sad for everybody since
I've had one too plain for the sky like
that Joe try to hurry the sound in the
Fifth Avenue wire below
please hold whistling the picture that
staggers the imagination